otelzap: Add caller and stacktrace to attributes if present (#6268)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Transform raw (`slog.KindAny`) attribute values to matching `log.Value` types.
  For example, `[]string{"foo", "bar"}` attribute value is now transformed to `log.SliceValue(log.StringValue("foo"), log.StringValue("bar"))` instead of `log.String("[foo bar"])`. (#6254)
- Add the `WithSource` option to the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelslog` log bridge to set the `code.*` attributes in the log record that includes the source location where the record was emitted. (#6253)

> - Add caller information in otelzap to the `log.Record` if the `zap.Logger` was created with the `AddCaller()` option. (#6268)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the `code.*` attributes in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelzap` if the `zap.Logger` was created with the `AddCaller` option. (#6268)
```
